Because the cleaner can not be there after each student has finished eating.
Students should clean dishes for themselves.
It develops a sense of responsibility in
terms of respecting and cohabitation with their fellow students.
yes. We are all grown up
Students should clean their plates. Learn responsibility
No. CMU should get a dish washing machine
Yes
There is no dish cleaner fee included in the  students should be required to clean their dirty dishes.
tuition fee so unless students are so desperate they'd rather
pay more than own up to their own responsibilities. 
This option should not even be discussed. 
CMU is not grooming future leaders cannot be stewards in all areas of their lives. 
If people would like to manage others  they must first learn how to manage themselves. 
Self respect includes the ability to maintain a standard of cleanliness.
Send messages to anyone who left their plates or cups in the sink
Sensitize more on this behavior.
They have failed
Talking to them
Education and have role models
CCTV  at this rate video footage of student that dump dishes needs to be released so they can be exposed. Okay  that's just me being overly enthusiastic. Perhaps the guild can constantly send emails  put up flyers  and use a trash any dirty dishes left in the sink.
Students still need to get food  if possible.
 Because the cleaner can not be there after each student has finished eating.
Students are more productive and engaged in school activities when the management expresses support of all kinds of form (free meals included) to students.
Are you kidding. That's the only leveraged they have on us to attend talks and events
We don't know why the meals have been stopped.
No one will come to the guest lecture on time or at all. 
CMU is marketing itself to the guest lecturers about how it provides food for students.
Why not ask how to provide meals everyday so that students don't have to worry about food and can focus on their studies.
This won't resolve the issue being discussed in this case because food from external causes shall still lead to a dirty sink. 
In regard to the missing Karisimbi plates and silverware. 
Maybe the buffet should remain but students should be served in their own dishes. 
Sodas should not be provided to avoid the missing bottles situation.
